_people/5_breuer_timo.markdown, before:

---
title: "M.Sc. Timo Breuer"
titles: "M.Sc."
firstname: "Timo"
lastname: "Breuer"
role: "Research Associate / PhD Student"
links:
  ext-profile: https://ir.web.th-koeln.de/people/timo-breuer/
  th-koeln: https://www.th-koeln.de/personen/timo.breuer/
---
<!--more-->Timo Breuer is a research associate at the Institute of Information Science at TH Köln (University of Applied Sciences). He is part of the team led by Prof. Philipp Schaer and works in the area of information retrieval and recommender systems.<!--more-->
The DFG funded project STELLA is a cooperation between GESIS, ZB MED, and TH Köln. Timo will develop a living lab platform for search systems within the context of this project. He received both his B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Media Technology. His previous studies had a focus on software development, especially in the field of image processing. His studies and several industrial projects awakened his interest in machine learning and finally led him to the topic of information retrieval and recommender systems.

Commit message:

More cleanup (renames and deletions), added redirect plugin and field to hide detail pages

_people/5_breuer_timo.markdown, after:

---
title: "M.Sc. Timo Breuer"
titles: "M.Sc."
firstname: "Timo"
lastname: "Breuer"
role: "Research Associate / PhD Student"
description: "Timo Breuer is a research associate at the Institute of Information Science at TH Köln (University of Applied Sciences). He is part of the team led by Prof. Philipp Schaer and works in the area of information retrieval and recommender systems."
links:
  ext-profile: https://ir.web.th-koeln.de/people/timo-breuer/
  th-koeln: https://www.th-koeln.de/personen/timo.breuer/
redirect_to: https://ir.web.th-koeln.de/people/timo-breuer/
sitemap: false
---
Timo Breuer is a research associate at the Institute of Information Science at TH Köln (University of Applied Sciences). He is part of the team led by Prof. Philipp Schaer and works in the area of information retrieval and recommender systems.
The DFG funded project STELLA is a cooperation between GESIS, ZB MED, and TH Köln. Timo will develop a living lab platform for search systems within the context of this project. He received both his B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Media Technology. His previous studies had a focus on software development, especially in the field of image processing. His studies and several industrial projects awakened his interest in machine learning and finally led him to the topic of information retrieval and recommender systems.
