_projects/2_stella.markdown, before:

---
nr: "2"
title: "STELLA - Infrastructures for Living Labs"
abbr: "STELLA"
externallink: "https://ir.web.th-koeln.de/projects/stella/"
duration:
  beginning: 
    year: "2018"
    month: ""
  end: 
    year: "2021"
    month: ""
partners:
  - name: "GESIS - Leibniz Institute for the Social Sciences"
    link: "http://www.gesis.org/"
  - name: "ZB MED - Information Centre for Life Sciences"
    link: "https://www.zbmed.de/"
funding:
  - name: "DFG - Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft"
    link: "http://www.dfg.de/"
main-logo: "../assets/images/projects/logos/dfg.png"
people:
  - name: "Prof. Dr. Philipp Schaer"
  - name: "M.Sc. Timo Breuer"
  - name: "Dr. Leyla Jael García-Castro (ZB MED)"
    externallink: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/leyla-jael-garcia-castro-85384a17/"
  - name: "Benjamin Wolff (ZB MED)"
    externallink: "#"
  - name: "Dr. Johann Schaible (GESIS)"
    externallink: "https://www.gesis.org/person/johann.schaible"
  - name: "Narges Tavakolpoursaleh (GESIS)"
    externallink: "https://www.gesis.org/person/narges.tavakolpoursaleh"
contact: "Prof. Dr. Philipp Schaer"
research-areas:
    areas:
      - name: "Information Retrieval"
        tag: "ir"
    topics:
      - name: "Recommendation Services"
        tag: "recommendation_services"
      - name: "Evaluation"
        tag: "evaluation"
      - name: "Online Evaluation"
        tag: "online_evaluation"
      - name: "e-Research"
        tag: "e-research"
sitemap: false
---
The STELLA project aims to create an evaluation infrastructure that allows to evaluate search and recommendation services within productive web-based search systems with real users. STELLA provides an integrated e-Research environment that allows researchers in the field of information retrieval and recommendation services to conduct studies with real users in real environments. The experimental set-ups differ considerably from classical TREC studies, which can only be carried out offline, or also from user studies, which only allow laboratory experiments, and thus enable researchers to use an evaluation method that was previously reserved only for industrial research or the operators of large online platforms.

Commit message:

Multiple changes: - created redirects for external detail pages - better use of theme mechanics such as hero-height and callouts (page home) - implemented to-top-button on all pages - added a script to automatically open certain links in a new tab - replaced generated excerpts for people and projects with field "description"

_projects/2_stella.markdown, after:

---
nr: "2"
title: "STELLA - Infrastructures for Living Labs"
abbr: "STELLA"
externallink: "https://ir.web.th-koeln.de/projects/stella/"
duration:
  beginning: 
    year: "2018"
    month: ""
  end: 
    year: "2021"
    month: ""
description: "The STELLA project aims to create an evaluation infrastructure that allows to evaluate search and recommendation services within productive web-based search systems with real users. STELLA provides an integrated e-Research environment that allows researchers in the field of information retrieval and recommendation services to conduct studies with real users in real environments. The experimental set-ups differ considerably from classical TREC studies, which can only be carried out offline, or also from user studies, which only allow laboratory experiments, and thus enable researchers to use an evaluation method that was previously reserved only for industrial research or the operators of large online platforms."
partners:
  - name: "GESIS - Leibniz Institute for the Social Sciences"
    link: "http://www.gesis.org/"
  - name: "ZB MED - Information Centre for Life Sciences"
    link: "https://www.zbmed.de/"
funding:
  - name: "DFG - Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft"
    link: "http://www.dfg.de/"
main-logo: "../assets/images/projects/logos/dfg.png"
people:
  - name: "Prof. Dr. Philipp Schaer"
  - name: "M.Sc. Timo Breuer"
  - name: "Dr. Leyla Jael García-Castro (ZB MED)"
    externallink: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/leyla-jael-garcia-castro-85384a17/"
  - name: "Benjamin Wolff (ZB MED)"
    externallink: "#"
  - name: "Dr. Johann Schaible (GESIS)"
    externallink: "https://www.gesis.org/person/johann.schaible"
  - name: "Narges Tavakolpoursaleh (GESIS)"
    externallink: "https://www.gesis.org/person/narges.tavakolpoursaleh"
contact: "Prof. Dr. Philipp Schaer"
research-areas:
    areas:
      - name: "Information Retrieval"
        tag: "ir"
    topics:
      - name: "Recommendation Services"
        tag: "recommendation_services"
      - name: "Evaluation"
        tag: "evaluation"
      - name: "Online Evaluation"
        tag: "online_evaluation"
      - name: "e-Research"
        tag: "e-research"
sitemap: false
redirect_to: "https://ir.web.th-koeln.de/projects/stella/"
---
The STELLA project aims to create an evaluation infrastructure that allows to evaluate search and recommendation services within productive web-based search systems with real users. STELLA provides an integrated e-Research environment that allows researchers in the field of information retrieval and recommendation services to conduct studies with real users in real environments. The experimental set-ups differ considerably from classical TREC studies, which can only be carried out offline, or also from user studies, which only allow laboratory experiments, and thus enable researchers to use an evaluation method that was previously reserved only for industrial research or the operators of large online platforms.
