_projects/9_xr_in_de.markdown, before:

---
nr: "9"
title: "XR in DE - Cross Reality Branche in Deutschland"
abbr: "XR"
duration:
  beginning: 
    year: "2017"
    month: "11"
  end: 
    year: ""
    month: ""
funding:
  - name: "Mediennetzwerk NRW GmbH"
    link: "https://medien.nrw/"
main-logo: "../assets/images/projects/logos/mediennetzwerk-nrw.png"
people: 
  - name: "Prof. Dr. Gernot Heisenberg"
  - name: "Prof. Dr. Christian Zabel (Schmalenbach Institut für Wirtschaftswissenschaften der TH Köln)"
    externallink: "https://www.th-koeln.de/personen/christian.zabel/"
contact: "Prof. Dr. Gernot Heisenberg"
research-areas:
  areas: 
    - name: "Data Science"
      tag: "ds"
  topics:
    - name: "Cross Reality"
      tag: "xr"
---
Virtual, Mixed and Augmented Reality (XR or Cross Reality for short) are different ways of combining reality and virtuality. In Virtual Reality, users move completely in the virtual. Here the immersion is complete. Augmented Reality enriches the real environment with virtual elements. In Mixed Reality, the real and virtual worlds become more mixed and blurred.
More than one thousand companies are involved in XR in Germany and thus form the XR industry. The study "Cross Reality in Germany 2020" is the first nationwide study on the structure, potential and needs of these players, following two studies with an analysis focus on NRW in the past.

Commit message:

Multiple changes: - created redirects for external detail pages - better use of theme mechanics such as hero-height and callouts (page home) - implemented to-top-button on all pages - added a script to automatically open certain links in a new tab - replaced generated excerpts for people and projects with field "description"

_projects/9_xr_in_de.markdown, after:

---
nr: "9"
title: "XR in DE - Cross Reality Branche in Deutschland"
abbr: "XR"
duration:
  beginning: 
    year: "2017"
    month: "11"
  end: 
    year: ""
    month: ""
description: "Virtual, Mixed and Augmented Reality (XR or Cross Reality for short) are different ways of combining reality and virtuality. In Virtual Reality, users move completely in the virtual. Here the immersion is complete. Augmented Reality enriches the real environment with virtual elements. In Mixed Reality, the real and virtual worlds become more mixed and blurred.
More than one thousand companies are involved in XR in Germany and thus form the XR industry. The study “Cross Reality in Germany 2020” is the first nationwide study on the structure, potential and needs of these players, following two studies with an analysis focus on NRW in the past."
funding:
  - name: "Mediennetzwerk NRW GmbH"
    link: "https://medien.nrw/"
main-logo: "../assets/images/projects/logos/mediennetzwerk-nrw.png"
people: 
  - name: "Prof. Dr. Gernot Heisenberg"
  - name: "Prof. Dr. Christian Zabel (Schmalenbach Institut für Wirtschaftswissenschaften der TH Köln)"
    externallink: "https://www.th-koeln.de/personen/christian.zabel/"
contact: "Prof. Dr. Gernot Heisenberg"
research-areas:
  areas: 
    - name: "Data Science"
      tag: "ds"
  topics:
    - name: "Cross Reality"
      tag: "xr"
---
Virtual, Mixed and Augmented Reality (XR or Cross Reality for short) are different ways of combining reality and virtuality. In Virtual Reality, users move completely in the virtual. Here the immersion is complete. Augmented Reality enriches the real environment with virtual elements. In Mixed Reality, the real and virtual worlds become more mixed and blurred.
More than one thousand companies are involved in XR in Germany and thus form the XR industry. The study "Cross Reality in Germany 2020" is the first nationwide study on the structure, potential and needs of these players, following two studies with an analysis focus on NRW in the past.
